but let's Thanksgiving in the Houlihan
household and that means delicious
chocolate chip cookies Shelby's making
some what do we got going on here
pumpkin cookies pumpkin cookies
excellent so you had national
championships a few days ago had time to
think about it a little bit what what do
you think about your season and how
things went this year and and what's
gonna happen next year
definitely I guess no one how Katie
flood did last year there's a lot of
Iowa talent that came out of out of high
school over the last couple years and
she did pretty well this year after not
doing super awesome last year in
Nationals so that's that's got to give
you a good feeling yeah that follow
that's what the spikes that you're
running and these are the the Nike
victory the yeah the victory XC what do
you like about these shoes um well I
wore the victories for track but I
really liked him a lot
they really light and feel fast yeah so
the course in Indiana was pretty soft
there were sections of sand like
throwing down randomly yeah what would
you think of these spikes on the soft
conditions uh they worked pretty good I
mean I'm not the soft conditions are my
for lady port a yeah yeah you're used to
the track totally I didn't really like
it that much of it yeah but now were
there any sections that were like
slippery soft I know there's some
downhill turn section yeah
turns our think they weren't that bad
but they were in some areas okay now I
know you wanted to go to a Nike School
and Arizona State is one of those so
you've been happy with the Nike
obviously you've been happy with Nike
products over the years and you wanted
to stick with them yeah they're light
they're responsive how about in hard
pack conditions have you run in real
hard pack courses yeah pac-12 was pretty
hard surface and okay yeah cool well
thanks for your time and have a great
indoor and outdoor season next year
Thanks